// For more info visit https://github.com/FTBTeam/FTB-Ranks/wiki

[player]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 10m
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 64
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 1
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 5m
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 60m
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 5s

[emp]
power: 20
parent: player
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bEMP {name}&r>
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 10m
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 64
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 3
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 5m
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 60m
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 5s

[vip]
power: 20
parent: player
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bVIP {name}&r>
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 10m
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 64
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 3
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 5m
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 60m
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 5s

[admin]
power: 100
parent: vip
default_op_rank: true
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 10m
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 64
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 3
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 5m
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 5s
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 60m
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 5s
